Be/one to one/many (#71)
Ada-Developers-Academy/core-unit-1: composition/composition.md

This is what Component's method returned: 473
```

## One-to-One and One-to-Many Composition Relationships

We just saw examples of one-to-one and one-to-many composition relationships.

A one-to-one relationship is one where a composite class has an attribute single instance of a component class as in this example:

```python
class ExampleComponent:

    def __init__(self, name):
        self.name = name

class ExampleComposite:

    def __init__(self, name, component):
        self.name = name
        self.component = component
```

A one-to-many relationship is one where a composite class has an attribute that is a list of instances of a component class as in this example:

```python
class ExampleComposite:

    def __init__(self, name, components):
        self.name = name
        self.components = components
```

> Note that `components` is a list of `component` objects.

Reviewer: consider taking the opportunity to  remind the reader about good naming
```suggestion
Note that `components` is a list of `component` objects. As usual, we use good naming, here the plural `components`, to help us remember what we expect an attribute to contain.
```

## A Longer Example: Product and ShoppingCart

> Now we will look at one more example of a one-to-many composition relationship.

Reviewer: I think this sounds a little more friendly.
```suggestion
Let's look at one more example of a one-to-many composition relationship.
```

```python

> 1 class Product:
> 2 
> 3    def __init__(self, price, quantity):
> 4        self.price = price
> 5        self.quantity = quantity
> 6
> 7    def calculate_cost(self):
> 8        return self.price * self.quantity
> 9

Reviewer: consider adding spaces to keep things in alignment. Alternatively, what about using 01, 02, 03, ...
```suggestion
1  class Product:
2 
3     def __init__(self, price, quantity):
4         self.price = price
5         self.quantity = quantity
6
7     def calculate_cost(self):
8         return self.price * self.quantity
9
```

10 class ShoppingCart:
11
12    def __init__(self, products):
13        self.products = products
14
15    def calculate_total_cost(self):
16        total_price = 0.0
17
18        for product in self.products:

> 19            total_price += product.calculate_cost()

Reviewer: Another alternative to numbering the lines could be to add an inline comment on the line you want to question about:
```suggestion
              total_price += product.calculate_cost()  # (A)
```
Then below, you could refer to this as the line marked with the (A) comment. This would also allow you to remove all the line numbering and not worry about alignment.

```python
class ExampleComposite:

    def __init__(self, name, components):
        self.name = name
        self.components = components
```

Note that `components` is a list of `component` objects. As usual, we use good naming, here the plural `components`, to help us remember what we expect an attribute to contain.

## A Longer Example: Product and ShoppingCart

Let's look at one more example of one-to-one and one-to-many composition relationships.

```python
class Product:
 
    def __init__(self, price, quantity):
        self.price = price
        self.quantity = quantity

    def calculate_cost(self):
        return self.price * self.quantity

class ShippingAddress:

    def __init__(self, name, street_address, city, state, zip):
        self.name = name
        self.street_address = street_address
        self.city = city
        self.state = state
        self.zip = zip

class ShoppingCart:

    def __init__(self, products, shipping_address):
        self.products = products
        self.shipping_address = shipping_address

    def calculate_total_cost(self):
        total_price = 0.0

        for product in self.products:

>             #----Refer to this line for Check for Understanding Question 2----

Reviewer: my only concern with this phrasing is that it depends on learn numbering. Personally, I prefer having the marker be something we explicitly control and reference from the question rather than depending on learn numbering the questions.

            total_price += product.calculate_cost()

        return total_price

    def.summary(self):

>         print(len(self.products),"products will be shipped to", self.shipping_address.name,".")

Reviewer: suggest using interpolation (I also think technically the current code doesn't produce the presented output, since comma-separated print inserts spaces).
return a string and print it externally.
```suggestion
        return f"{len(self.products)} products will be shipped to {self.shipping_address.name}."
```

p3 = Product(77.99, 2)
products = [p1, p2, p3]

ravis_address = ShippingAddress(
    name="Ravi", 
    street_address="123 John St", 
    city="Seattle",
    state="WA",
    zip="98112"
    )

sc = ShoppingCart(products, ravis_address)

total_cost = sc.calculate_total_cost()

print(f"The total cost of the products in the shopping cart is ${total_cost}")

> sc.summary()

Reviewer: if the above change to return a string is used, use this as well
```suggestion
print(sc.summary())
```

## Check for Understanding

<!-- >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> BEGIN CHALLENGE >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> -->
<!-- Replace everything in square brackets [] and remove brackets  -->

### !challenge

* type: multiple-choice
* id: bcd60833-bf2b-442d-b5b2-05afd630944f
* title: Composition
<!-- * points: [1] (optional, the number of points for scoring as a checkpoint) -->
<!-- * topics: [python, pandas] (optional the topics for analyzing points) -->

##### !question

In the example above, `Product` is the

##### !end-question

##### !options

* Component Class
* Composite Class
* Child Class
* Parent Class

##### !end-options

##### !answer

* Component Class

##### !end-answer

<!-- other optional sections -->
<!-- !hint - !end-hint (markdown, hidden, students click to view) -->
<!-- !rubric - !end-rubric (markdown, instructors can see while scoring a checkpoint) -->
<!-- !explanation - !end-explanation (markdown, students can see after answering correctly) -->
##### !explanation

> An instance of a `ShoppingCart` has many `Product`s.

Reviewer: consider expanding the explanation a little
```suggestion
An instance of a `ShoppingCart` has many `Product`s. Since instances of `Product` are contained in `ShoppingCart`, `Product` is the component class, while `ShoppingCart` is the composite class.
```

##### !end-explanation

### !end-challenge

<!-- ======================= END CHALLENGE ======================= -->

<!-- >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> BEGIN CHALLENGE >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> -->
<!-- Replace everything in square brackets [] and remove brackets  -->

### !challenge

* type: multiple-choice
* id: cd47699d-3533-4d5d-990c-470cd0b254c4
* title: Composition
<!-- * points: [1] (optional, the number of points for scoring as a checkpoint) -->
<!-- * topics: [python, pandas] (optional the topics for analyzing points) -->

##### !question

> In the example above, one line 21, `calculate_cost()` is 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example above, on line 19, `calculate_cost()` is 
```
